---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: With super power
datePublished: '2016-04-20T10:54:45.024Z'
dateModified: '2016-04-20T10:53:22.480Z'
title: ''
author:
  - name: ''
    url: ''
sourcePath: _posts/2016-04-20-717de12f-1cfd-4c80-8fc5-3864eaff4745.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: 717de12f-1cfd-4c80-8fc5-3864eaff4745/index.html
_type: Article

---
With super power

(so it's said)

comes great responsibility.

But with

LOADS

of super powers

comes

great_invincibility._

Super strength. . .

Agility. . .

Total moral infallibility. . .

This son of Krypton

isn't short on

super versatility.

He's got

the power to change into his costume really fast in really small spaces

(like phone booths

and alley ways

and those sorts of places)

Moves faster than a bullet train!

Flies higher than a jet plane!

Sneezes like a hurricane!

Can sustain an insane amount

of spandex flex!

(And franchise reboots at the local multiplex.)

Can turn into Clark Kent

using just a suit and specs --

and speaking of disguises

how come no one recognises

that Superman is Clark Kent

just without the glasses?

Can hear a pin drop

on a mountaintop

in Ukraine,

when he's in a Metropolis

shop with Miss

Lois Lane.

Master of alien martial arts,

deadly ice breath,

(and deadly farts?

Like, if Superman blows off

does the world blow up?

Are we all at the mercy of his super-digestion?

Is there gonna be a movie that answers this question?)

Super smart,

X-Ray eyes,

solar-maintained,

journalistically trained,

nothing less than

MATES WITH BATMAN.

Don't need no pension plan because he's

eternally young, with

laser beam eyeballs hotter than the blazing sun.

And how many weaknesses?

Let's count them up:

ONE.

Kryptonite.

Right.

So he gets infinite might and flight

and super speed and super sight,

and the only way you can make him dead

is throw some green rock at his head?

NOT FAIR.

When does evil have a prayer?

Doesn't Superman know how to share?

Who wants to read about a hero who's so strong

he always wins?

And never does wrong?

And the baddy is always beaten by the final theme song?

Not_me._

I don't want a hero with lightsaber vision,

I want him

(or her)

(or them)

to make wrong decisions

and do stupid stuff,

and wonder if there best is ever good enough.

I want them to worry,

and say sorry

when they arrive late to the bank robbery

because they missed the 47 bus.

I want them to make mistakes

just like the rest of us do,

because fantasy

don't feel right to me

unless it's also

TRUE.

So give back your powers

until you've only got one or two.

And then,

perhaps,

Superman,

I

will be

your

super

fan.